# o8t interview backend coding challenge

This repository contains a backend coding challenge for interviews at omniscient neurotechnology for backend
roles.

-   The challenge is designed to take on average about 4hr. You are free to spend more or less time on the challenge as you
    see fit.
-   Be prepared to discuss your code. If you do not complete the challenge, that is ok! Be prepared to discuss
    next steps you would take and problems and their potential solutions.
-   The challenge is intended to emulate day-to-day development at omniscient. As such, you are free to use your
    normal toolkit to complete the challenge. This may include LLMs. Ownership over code is yours even if it was originally
    generated by an LLM as in real day-to-day work developers are responsible for maintaining and debugging the
    code they submit. Make sure that you understand all code that you are submitting and are prepared to
    speak to it
-   Evaluated on code style, best practices
    -   Git commit history
    -   How readable/maintainable code is
    -   Adherence to the style set out in the project scaffolding
    -   Type-safety and Typescript best practice

## Problem statement

-   Upload and download files
-   Files must be kept in-memory
    -   We've selected valkey for the in-memory storage backend.
    -   There is a test implementation of the "storage backend" that you will work with in in this challenge
-   Data integrity is important. SHA-1 checksums should be used to ensure that files are

## Developing

-   Node.js 20 is required
-   Install dependencies with `yarn` (you can alternatively use `npm` if you desire. The intent of the challenge
    is not focused on your ability to setup tools)
-   Run tests with `yarn test`
-   Check typescript typings with `yarn typecheck`
-   Apply automatic formatting with `yarn autoformat`

## Hints

-   Dependency injection is used to structure the project. It is unlikely that you will need to interact with it
    in completing the challenge however you may do so if it makes sense. If you choose to do so, review the basics of [tsyringe usage](https://github.com/microsoft/tsyringe).
-   It is recommended to start by running the tests and working from failures
    -   Reading the `TestBackend` implementation is recommended so that you are aware of the storage backend
        methods that are available
-   the `node:crypto` module has utilities for computing sha-1 checksums of data. There is a helper method
    implemented in the codebase to make using this easy.
